# 2021-10-05
## Who
* Tracey
* Tooky
* Anders
* Elli
* Matt (taking notes)

## What happened

* We had to draw on talents that weren't our obvious talents (Shawn did the music for the video)
* We got the bot working! 👍
* We brainstormed in Miro; worked collaboratively throughout timezones on Slack.

## Insights

* Working across four timezones was a challenge!
* Very satisfying seeing the code evolve overnight. Failing test was really helpful.
* Survey stuff... needs more time, even though we started on Friday. Wish we'd launched the survey earlier. Speaking to people in the wild is slow. Can't just go and stand on a street corner.
* Tooky: Neither Anders or I knew TypeScript very well but by pairing we figured it out. Frustrating to work in a language that you don't really know.
* Getting the infrastructure together - Heroku; GitHub; ProBot - was really easy.
* Elli: It was fun making a logo - I don't get to do that often enough!
* Tracey: I enjoyed making the credits for the video. Easter eggs.
* It was really nice working with different people, I especially liked how Shawn jumped up to help with the video.
* Tooky: Definitely enjoyed touching some code again, great to pair with Anders. He even put up with my meeting schedule!
* I liked our quick feedback loops. Often in teams people are busy and you have to wait for feedback but here everyone was focussed on the same goal so it was easy to get their attention and get feedback right away.
* Anders: Normally my days are half full of meetings breaking everything up. Nice to just focus on one thing. Hackathon gave you an excuse to not go meetings. Or they were cancelled!
* How will it perform on a real project?! Seems like it would be pretty slow!
  * What if the issue doesn't have a "#" in front? Won't work!
  * What if the issues have loads of comments - will be very slow!
  * 

## Actions

* Change logo for one with a deeper yellow (in Slack) (@matt)
* Clean up the code a bit. (@matt)
  * `any` types. `@ts-ignore`
* Submit video by end of day (PST) Wednesday
  * Add footage of it actually working (@matt)
  * Add survey results to video
  * Schedule time with Shawn to go through it (@elli, @matt)
  * Give Shawn final end credits (@tracey)
* Tidy up wiki page (@tooky, @tracey)
* Test it out on a real project and see what goes wrong!
